# HELP

Reflection:
Today in class I made a github repository to store the unity project and this reflection in. It took longer than expected because I initially used an older unity version so I had to restart because I wanted to work on Unity 6 instead. It was a messy begining but I eventually got it, just a bit tedious (hence the repo title and unity project title...).
Anyways, in Unity, I made 2 working shaders: One that just wrapped around my object using a texture I made myself on MS paint, and another shader that detected where the fragment is in world coordinates. I ended up only making 2 shaders because I spent a long time trying to find out my script errors..I'm used to VS Code underlining errors for me but for shaders it does not. So all my errors were usually just typing mistakes. I was able to ask for help from a couple peers about certain things which helped me progress along and keep up with the class but I still found myself delayed a lot. I think one of my weaknesses for sure is that I am susceptible to missing out on details a lot. Today a lot of my setbacks could have been easily solved if I was more meticulous, but I was trying to do things fast. I think if there's anything I learned, I need to go at my own pace and not worry about any external things. The fact that I wanted to keep up with the class's pace and my peer's pace was the very reason I was so slow; I was too worried about falling behind. Programming is definitley not one of my strengths and it seems that if I want to succeed in this class, I need to pay critical attention to everything I'm doing and only focus on my own progress, regardless if I am slow or not and regardless if I need to keep seeking help or not. 
I think this activity would have been more simple if I focused on the right things. While I only did 2 shaders, I still struggled to understand how they were achieved or what I was even typing. I think this activity highlighted the necessity of going slow to learn rather than rushing and not understanding anything. 